[Docs] Spacing & layout - content restructure (5 of 5) (#5585)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/foundation/tshirt-sizing.mdx

## What is t-shirt sizing?

T-shirt sizing uses semantic names (a.k.a. design tokens) which map familiar clothing sizes (`small`, `medium`, `large`, etc.) to specific pixel values for sizing and spacing.
T-shirt sizes apply to:
- [Spacing](/foundation/spacing) (padding, margin, gap)
- [Content containers](/foundation/content-container-sizes) (width, height, border, radius)
- [Components](/foundation/component-sizes) (size property)

Prefer t-shirt size tokens over hard pixel values. If a new value is needed, report it so it can be added as a token.

## Benefits

> T-shirt tokens promote consistency, systematic UI delivery, and ensure harmony among 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T-shirt size tokens promote consistency, systematic UI delivery, and ensure harmony among 
```

layout elements. Hardcoded and arbitrary pixel values should be avoided, as they are 

> inflexible and prevent additional benefits realized through t-shirt tokens, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
layout elements. Hardcoded or arbitrary pixel values should be avoided, as they are inflexible and fail to realize the benefits provided by t-shirt size tokens, including:
```
Rewording a bit

> 

Author: Handled by: https://deploy-preview-5585--keen-mayer-a86c8b.netlify.app/foundation/spacing

> 

Author: Handled by: https://deploy-preview-5585--keen-mayer-a86c8b.netlify.app/foundation/content-container-sizes#border-widths

- Establish shared vocabulary across designers, developers, and delivery teams.
- Accelerate layout specification through reuse of predefined values.
- Ensure UIs are composable using common, shared size definitions.
- Facilitate responsive design.
- Enable density modes and expanded user preferences.
- Promote consistency, maintainability, and scalability through systematic reuse.

> ## Responsiveness

Author: Remove for now? Add as backlog item to create "Responsive layouts" page?
